TELCODOCS-1385 - Update docs for 4.14 RAN RDS (#64278)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-ran-ref-design-spec.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-design-spec.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="telco-ran-ref-design-spec_{context}"]
= Reference design scope

The telco RAN reference design specification captures the recommended, tested, and supported configurations to get reliable and repeatable performance for a cluster running the telco RAN DU profile.

[NOTE]
====
The validated reference configuration is updated for each major Y-stream release of {product-title}.

> Z-stream patch releases are periodically re-tested against this reference configuration including many long duration validations.

Reviewer: Do you need to say "including many long duration validations" since you say it is periodically re-tested? If you decide to keep it, I would remove many:
```suggestion
Z-stream patch releases are periodically re-tested against this reference configuration which includes long duration validations.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-design-spec.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="telco-ran-ref-design-spec_{context}"]
= Reference design scope

The telco RAN reference design specification captures the recommended, tested, and supported configurations to get reliable and repeatable performance for a cluster running the telco RAN DU profile.
The reference design includes the released features and supported configurations that are engineered and validated for clusters to run the telco RAN DU profile.

> The configurations provide a baseline {product-title} installation that meets feature and KPI targets. The reference design also describes expected variations for each individual configuration.

Reviewer 2: This needs to be updated with the positioning from PM.
